subclasses/Warrior of Mercury.md, before:


# Warrior of Mercury
*Harness Supernatural Speed and Reflexes*

Warriors of Mercury are some of the fastest creatures alive. They hone their bodies to perform incredible feats of speed to enhance attacks, avoid blows, and travel incredible distances in the blink of an eye.

## Level 3: Quicksilver Stride
Your speed increases by 10 feet. It increases by 10 feet again at levels 6, 11, and 17.

When you make a long jump, you can cover a number of feet up to your Dexterity score for every 10 feet of movement spent immediately before the jump. You must have enough movement left to spend on your turn in order to reach this extended distance.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmarvelblog.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2021%2F10%2Fleap-makkari.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=5020c99c66bd0ee7a569fc8021783d65ee968b22e85f28e75b04fd42e25ed4c5" width="200px" />

## Level 3: Terminal Velocity

If you move at least 15 feet in a straight line towards your target on your turn before making an Unarmed Strike or an attack with a Monk weapon, you can choose one of the following effects:

_**Bullet Punch.**_ You can spend 1 Focus point to deal extra force damage equal to one roll of your Martial Arts die + your Wisdom modifier.

_**Shockwave.**_ As an Action, you expend up to 4 Focus points to force every creature within 10 feet to make a Strength saving throw. On a failure, creatures take damage equal to one roll of your martial arts die for every 30 feet of movement spent in a straight line towards the target + your Dexterity modifier, and are knocked back up to 15 feet away from you, or knocked prone (your choice). Doing so then expends any remaining movement you have left on your turn.

When you reach 11th level, creatures take half as much damage from this feature on a successful saving throw.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FYX4uBF6pN3MAAAAM%2Fwarframe-gauss-prime.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=d5bf915c1f35bd8b4fdf91bcb2f64a3354cad8c3cdc5353a410a1545670efe2d" width="200px" />

## Level 6: Need For Speed

At level 6, your body has adapted to maintaining high speed pursuits with minimal effort. You can now use Step of the Wind without spending a Focus point.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.wikia.nocookie.net%2Fmarvelmovies%2Fimages%2F9%2F90%2FSuper_Speed_in_Avengers_-_Age_of_Ultron_2015%252C_4.0.gif%2Frevision%2Flatest%2Fscale-to-width-down%2F270%3Fcb%3D20210617184048&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=c9a690342590789ef5d00ea06d79860a74d2fa1d238187054876879bcc03fdb8" width="200px" />

## Level 6: On Your Left

When an attack roll hits an ally within 5 feet of you, you can spend 1 Focus point to use your Deflect Attacks feature on that attack as if you were the target. The attack must still meet the requirements of Deflect Attacks.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.giphy.com%2Fmedia%2F3ornjYpj5imz9noa2c%2Fgiphy.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=b0b59eff67ca7d5e6e62bb6d2e81781c0cb0f87d886ef1732e8bd0b50cbb7299" width="200px" />


## Level 11: Blink of an Eye

Your speed makes it almost impossible for even the most perceptive creatures to see you run. When you use Step of the Wind to move at least 15 feet, you can spend 1 Focus point to move so quickly that you appear to teleport to your location. Creatures cannot perceive you between your starting point and your destination, and you gain the benefits of the Disengage action.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FvJwo-KrgE5wAAAAd%2Fthe-incredibles-pixar.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=327399f0387bca9d0de674a17fc549b4577170c8e3660e6671875b14ed9a0aee" width="200px" />


## Level 17: Time in a Bottle

You can take two turns during the first round of any combat. The first is taken at the top of the round, and the second on your Initiative. [2](http://dnd2024.wikidot.com/rogue:thief)

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FQZVnXx5.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=46d9d483a38f53e5431315660f49eaefcfe06e6573765acddd69d0e352c9718c" width="200px" />

Commit message:

Update Terminal Velocity techniques in Warrior of Mercury
Updated the techniques for Terminal Velocity

subclasses/Warrior of Mercury.md, after:


# Warrior of Mercury
*Harness Supernatural Speed and Reflexes*

Warriors of Mercury are some of the fastest creatures alive. They hone their bodies to perform incredible feats of speed to enhance attacks, avoid blows, and travel incredible distances in the blink of an eye.

## Level 3: Quicksilver Stride
Your speed increases by 10 feet. It increases by 10 feet again at levels 6, 11, and 17.

When you make a long jump, you can cover a number of feet up to your Dexterity score for every 10 feet of movement spent immediately before the jump. You must have enough movement left to spend on your turn in order to reach this extended distance.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmarvelblog.com%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2021%2F10%2Fleap-makkari.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=5020c99c66bd0ee7a569fc8021783d65ee968b22e85f28e75b04fd42e25ed4c5" width="200px" />

## Level 3: Terminal Velocity
You have developed two techniques that utilize your supernatural speed and momentum to empower attacks.

_**Bullet Punch.**_ If you move at least 15 feet in a straight line towards your target on your turn before making an Unarmed Strike or an attack with a Monk weapon, you can spend 1 Focus point to deal extra force damage equal to one roll of your Martial Arts die + your Wisdom modifier.

_**Shockwave.**_ As an Action, you expend up to 4 Focus points and move up to your speed in a straight line to force every creature within 10 feet to make a Strength saving throw. On a failure, creatures take damage equal to one roll of your martial arts die for every 30 feet of movement travelled as part of this action + your Dexterity modifier, and are knocked back up to 15 feet away from you.

When you reach 11th level, creatures take half as much damage from this feature on a successful saving throw.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FYX4uBF6pN3MAAAAM%2Fwarframe-gauss-prime.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=d5bf915c1f35bd8b4fdf91bcb2f64a3354cad8c3cdc5353a410a1545670efe2d" width="200px" />

## Level 6: Need For Speed

At level 6, your body has adapted to maintaining high speed pursuits with minimal effort. You can now use Step of the Wind without spending a Focus point.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fstatic.wikia.nocookie.net%2Fmarvelmovies%2Fimages%2F9%2F90%2FSuper_Speed_in_Avengers_-_Age_of_Ultron_2015%252C_4.0.gif%2Frevision%2Flatest%2Fscale-to-width-down%2F270%3Fcb%3D20210617184048&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=c9a690342590789ef5d00ea06d79860a74d2fa1d238187054876879bcc03fdb8" width="200px" />

## Level 6: On Your Left

When an attack roll hits an ally within 5 feet of you, you can spend 1 Focus point to use your Deflect Attacks feature on that attack as if you were the target. The attack must still meet the requirements of Deflect Attacks.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.giphy.com%2Fmedia%2F3ornjYpj5imz9noa2c%2Fgiphy.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=b0b59eff67ca7d5e6e62bb6d2e81781c0cb0f87d886ef1732e8bd0b50cbb7299" width="200px" />


## Level 11: Blink of an Eye

Your speed makes it almost impossible for even the most perceptive creatures to see you run. When you use Step of the Wind to move at least 15 feet, you can spend 1 Focus point to move so quickly that you appear to teleport to your location. Creatures cannot perceive you between your starting point and your destination, and you gain the benefits of the Disengage action.

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fmedia.tenor.com%2FvJwo-KrgE5wAAAAd%2Fthe-incredibles-pixar.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=327399f0387bca9d0de674a17fc549b4577170c8e3660e6671875b14ed9a0aee" width="200px" />


## Level 17: Time in a Bottle

You can take two turns during the first round of any combat. The first is taken at the top of the round, and the second on your Initiative. [2](http://dnd2024.wikidot.com/rogue:thief)

<img src="https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fi.imgur.com%2FQZVnXx5.gif&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=46d9d483a38f53e5431315660f49eaefcfe06e6573765acddd69d0e352c9718c" width="200px" />
